112 Hold'em 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TM_sMACxSzY
https://suffe.cool/poker/evaluator.html

Description/Similar Projects:
112 Hold'em will be similar to texas Hold'em 112 progjects in the past. In my 
iteration of the game Texas hold'em, each player is dealt two cards face down
as their hand. Over several betting rounds, five more cards are dealt face up 
in the middle of the table. These face-up cards are called the 
'community cards.' Each player is free to use the community cards in 
combination with their hole cards to build a five-card poker hand. Since the
use of sockets for multiplayer is disallowed for the MVP, the player would only
be going against a single AI using a Monte Carlo algorithim to mimic an actual
person in play. I plan to construct a win percentage calculator for the player 
to use against a range of hands the opponent may have. In addition, I would like
to implement multiplayer into my game for the final product.

Structual Plan:
Functions and files that I plan to use to organize my project:
    - Table folder has a card, deck and board files
        - card file is an object with attributes of a classic playing cards 
            i.e. rank and suit
        - deck file is also an object with with attributes of a 52 card deck
        - board file is to store the community cards and economy of the game
    - evaluator file will be a custon module to evaluate the board and hand and
        output the hand ranking i.e. two pair, flush, etc.

    - Game folder will organize players, hand history, and possible actions a
        player can do

Algorithmic Plan:
The trickiest part of the project will be evaluating the board and hand as well
as the game ai. I plan to convert cards into a 32 bit integar using prime 
numbers for rankings to uniquely distinguish attributes of the cards to 
evaulate the best possible hand commination using bitwise operations. This
would heavily reduce memory load of the game to open the possiblities of more 
complex features like multiplayer and a game ai.

Timeline:
TP 1, Nov 20th.
    - complete a suitable card and deck class working evaluator 

TP 2, Nov 30th.
    - complete a base game of poker with working rounds with 2 manual players
    - complete economy system (i.e. pot size, betting, calling, etc.)
    - complete monte carlo simulation 

TP 3, Dec 7th.
    - complete playable game of texas holem against an AI

Version Control Plan:
I will be using GitHub to save my work using a personal repository that will 
organize my documents and updates of my project


